Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder what's going on in there, there's
Nicole Bacon: Been some maiden
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I wonder what they've just been real busy, I guess.
Nicole Bacon: I don't know, I tried like three times, cuz I didn't know it was taking so long. So I just
Nicole Bacon: I don't know train
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I'll do is I'll send a little message and I'll say, Hey, you're here and then right after you just check in afterwards. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Okay. Debbie and Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: via video
Gwenevere Abriel: Anybody your time, your time, your time, your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Dan,
Nicole Bacon: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Nicole Bacon: I'm going to head back to it later today, after I am helping out my friend by taking them to a colonoscopy appointment and then I'm gonna head back.
Nicole Bacon: Had some hair appointment work here, so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you've been touching people these people that you already know.
Nicole Bacon: Yes. Okay. People they already know, but I'm realizing that that was a story. I was making up in my head to be lazy.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I you sugar.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, and if it coincided with my story of
Nicole Bacon: You know, lacking self confidence because of this skin issue I'm dealing with. So it all tied into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And being self conscious
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you're when you're working with people in proximity I. Are you experiencing this almost in vivo desensitisation and you're realizing it's not that bad.
Nicole Bacon: I think, um, well, I haven't
Nicole Bacon: Experienced it lately, but I just realized I was making it making it up to be way more intense because I was telling myself that in my head. And yes, I'm hypersensitive and yes, sometimes it feels
Nicole Bacon: I feel really drained after a day at work, but
Nicole Bacon: That's how I make my name. That's my career. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, but let's talk about just that that self confidence for just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember when you were working with these clients spending a lot of time thinking a wonder what they're thinking about my skin. I mean, was there a lot of time thinking about it.
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: Not like
Nicole Bacon: A lot of time thinking about it before, before I left the house. Yeah. Before I was meeting with clients.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is apprehension, you are imagining this is how it's going to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right, and
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you thought they'd be thinking of you.
Nicole Bacon: Like, what's up with this girl skin.
Nicole Bacon: And was she a crackhead you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So they might they might attribute it to drug use.
Nicole Bacon: Uh huh.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other worst thoughts.
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, like, how is this
Nicole Bacon: Lady doing my hair when she looks like crap.
Nicole Bacon: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Only to the skin.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Alright, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think that comes from that that notion that somehow capability is based on how someone looks. Well that's stretch for me. I'm having to really work hard at trying to understand that connection.
Nicole Bacon: In the hair business and the beauty. Beauty business it's, I mean it's a major thing, you have, you know, present yourself and and look good. You know, I always dress a little bit nicer more professional. When I go in for clients.
Nicole Bacon: As
Nicole Bacon: You know, if you're not
Nicole Bacon: Prepared and you don't take care of yourself and
Nicole Bacon: You're working to help somebody look a different way or
Nicole Bacon: On their image, it doesn't really work coincide, then there's like doubt that I feel like the client might have and a little bit of fear if they come in and
Nicole Bacon: You're not put together. They're not going to have confidence that you're gonna help them look good, or make them feel good and also within myself.
Nicole Bacon: I'm if I'm not feeling good, or looking good. I don't have the confidence to to to be like, yes, we're gonna make you look beautiful. You know, if I'm not feeling beautiful
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe maybe let's spend a little more time on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just say I am not feeling it be beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can I have the confidence to help someone else.
Nicole Bacon: Achieve that
Something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: That state.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, on this point, we will not agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a really interesting conversation. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think what's striking me the most is this candid style that you're presenting with today just this. I wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Really getting in touch with the real core truth about why I was doing something, why wasn't you're making sure I'm getting this income.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work besides just now showing up here with that candid way of speaking. Has that been elsewhere. You've been talking with people like that more the last few days.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Especially with my parents.
Nicole Bacon: sitting down and having conversations with them and they even said that they appreciate the way I'm communicating with them.
Nicole Bacon: Keeping them in the know and telling them where I'm at and what I'm doing.
Nicole Bacon: And explaining to them that
I
Nicole Bacon: I'm trying to wait until I actually make your decisions before coming to them and telling them those decisions because they're so like action oriented.
Nicole Bacon: That I would get ahead of myself with with with things with them because they're like oh you decided on this. Let's do that right now. And a lot of things shift or change sometimes. And that's where a lot of stress would come from. And so, um,
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I don't know, I just
Nicole Bacon: I've just been keeping in my head a lot. The last couple days of just trying to let go of my story and and kind of being this like new fresh person that I can be how I wanted to be. And a lot of the addiction and stuff.
Nicole Bacon: Like clouded my judgment of
Nicole Bacon: How, how I was letting
Nicole Bacon: Certain things
Nicole Bacon: How, how is letting
Nicole Bacon: Certain excuses fit into my story and
Nicole Bacon: Not going forward in Oh, gosh, how am I making it way too confusing.
Nicole Bacon: Like for example, yeah, like the
Nicole Bacon: Okay, I'm feeling lazy and so
Nicole Bacon: I'm just gonna say that I'm
Nicole Bacon: Too hypersensitive to touch people's heads because I'm not feeling motivated to build clientele.
Nicole Bacon: Or yeah yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's really mature Nicole, my gosh, you sure you want to grow up.
Nicole Bacon: I mean it. Yeah, it's less stressful. Like when I stop lying to myself, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I was looking for something moments ago, and that
Gwenevere Abriel: You said
Gwenevere Abriel: Fresh
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know quite well hopefully I wrote it down. But let's see if I can find it exactly what you just did.
Really cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Speaking of there was a new fresh person.
Gwenevere Abriel: In fresh person so earlier when you were talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm exaggerating it. You weren't. This is not verbatim. This is how it went in. Well, I mean, I'm not feeling pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: So, how dare I
Gwenevere Abriel: Show an app like I can help someone else. I can't even help myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that kind of get in there a little tiny bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the road to
Gwenevere Abriel: And the reason why later on. And when you were talking and you said, Well, I'm I get to be a new fresh person. The reason why I thought it was really cool that you said that was
Gwenevere Abriel: I think about how much leeway. We have to give ourselves as humans to show up each day for work. My work is a really unique one right
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'm supposed to be a a modicum of temperance and moderation patience and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: char, a few facts thrown in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if we didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: If I had a nice little meditation that I could come up with immediately and certainly I would never be defensive, I would certainly never take anything personally get hurt or I would never tire or be wary some
Gwenevere Abriel: But I do
Human Sundays.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you imagine I show up for clients.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can I do that, how can I both know the vulnerability of being human.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because because you guys are going to pick up on a phony. You're going to know whether I can relate to you. You guys are going to pick it up like nothing like like an attic, right, or someone that's right to go this lady, she's full of it.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, right. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I do that. How do I be human. Without you taking care of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I do it. How do I get up every day come in here. Sometimes eight in the morning, all the way to who knows when right and be a fresh person. How do I do me, how can I, how can I be this professional when I catch myself flawed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What do you think goes on over here. We're making it up just to get back to you, obviously. But, so how do you think a therapist any therapist, pull that off with any gross at all.
Nicole Bacon: Setting that saying your life kind of and yourself aside and opening
Nicole Bacon: Creating space,
Nicole Bacon: Or you're climbing it all kind of setting it aside. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, take that fresh. See if you can find a way to take that beautiful phrase you just had a fresh person is each day is you
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, creating this space for you as a fresh person.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you do that, how do you create that for yourself what permissions do you give that weren't there before.
Nicole Bacon: Putting myself first putting myself first
Nicole Bacon: And and being really
Nicole Bacon: Like about it, instead of
Nicole Bacon: Feeling like I will let myself get pulled into other people's drama or even pulled into their lives and in to their lives and what's going on with them too much and just
Nicole Bacon: Remembering that I'm in recovery. I come first and I need you to come first. If I'm gonna do well at this and and go forward in my life because I want to go forward in my life and I want to
Nicole Bacon: There's so many things I want to do. And I want to continue to get healthier. I want to continue to get to heal my skin. And I want to be self sufficient and and and eventually do some traveling, which I really miss but basically like
Nicole Bacon: Give you my cell myself permission to put myself first and and kind of
Nicole Bacon: Not necessarily not giving a shit about what other people think but kinda yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Tiny. Yeah, so put self first depending on the subject matter, depending on the resource, it can change. So for a moment. Notice that you talked about self sufficient and earlier you talking about, I need to make money.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you get past of Miss belief that
Gwenevere Abriel: Work is always fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's never boring that it's never monotonous, you can get past that if we both agree. Sometimes it will be repetitive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even like oh my gosh. Everybody wants to hear now.
Nicole Bacon: I've been doing the blue hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want someone to
I want
Gwenevere Abriel: He's with the pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can write if we say that's already a given I already know that sometimes it will be dull and monotonous and that creative spirit. I won't be yes. Other days to inject them really that stretch between you know acumen and creativity and really finding that edge because that's work.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah if you already have that because it sounds like you caught out early SAID, WELL, THAT'S WHAT PEOPLE GOT TO DO THEY GOT TO WORK. They got to where thing. I don't really
Gwenevere Abriel: No more excuses. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta do do this discomfort thing to earn a living so that I can have self sufficiency, so that I can travel and I'm done with that story, and I'm not going to get in my own way. So that's what I was hearing earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't leftover with
Gwenevere Abriel: With the the putting yourself first. There's still a standard that you've got going on around beauty, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's still something left there that I'm trying to leave bread crumbs for you to get to
Gwenevere Abriel: So take on for me. So I come in here and what I do is I set boundaries. Is that kind of what I do and create space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what if I'm having a bad day.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I do if I'm in
Nicole Bacon: It happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: It happens but not to me. How can I ask someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I can't do it.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I do have. I think that's rooted from
Nicole Bacon: Still some weird trauma that's sticky from my my grandma when I was younger.
Nicole Bacon: When I get a pimple right when I was starting to really she'd be like, What's that on your face like the first thing that comes out of her mouth was down your face. Oh, come put makeup on and it's, it, it's kind of like a deep rooted almost like
Nicole Bacon: Well, let's play with no
Nicole Bacon: Mexican family. Yeah, I like beauty, like, have your hair done. Like, look look presentable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do it differently. I heard your, your history. Second, Mary. Hi Grandma on my left those the new one. If this is from Grandma. So yeah, we're not since we won't be doing. We won't be doing this, this sort of other stuff for a little while until we get
Gwenevere Abriel: There. Let's just do some some play some role play stuff and see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: The first, second, I'm going to say to you, I'm going to be grandma.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to feel in your body. The, the, yuck. Right. The negative experience and you'll
Gwenevere Abriel: you'll sit with it a little longer. This time, you'll know that that's part of the investigation that me as grandma. Actually, I care about how you feel physically when I said
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to know how you're doing emotionally and we're going to change the story. We're going to do some investigation that you didn't have the time to do because you went into self preservation
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Danger was perceived
Gwenevere Abriel: There was no time to investigate.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah well. She's got
Nicole Bacon: Me got me.
There.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I gave you the structure on what we're up to. So that's in the back of your head right
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the physiology behind it. Is this like you were 12 or something.
Nicole Bacon: 13 yeah yeah 13 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your grandmother didn't create any space for you around that she presented with her story and locked it on to you and you were ill equipped
Gwenevere Abriel: And down. But you're not at all year old anymore. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have your truth. You have your reality and that is what we're going to have it sit out here in between what I say and what you say it's going to just sort of float out here lot longer. Okay. Because that didn't get acknowledged at all before
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you didn't get a chance
Gwenevere Abriel: To even tune in to what their response was to investigate it. Well, what is my truth, what, what do I want to say here. Can I say anything. What can I do. And so it's gotten kind of morphed
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's all the background noise that's that's going on. So I'm going to say something to you what I would invite you to do this time around is CF and you can create your own question doesn't have to be mind just now, but you may say something to me like
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like for you to see this on my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah, really different, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Of it is. I'm the one that's flipping out
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got up, you probably didn't he just stood up walked out of the kitchen, you'd be doing your thing, and getting some seriously just solution across the floor just doing your little girl thing.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: This big reaction out of nowhere comes at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And you weren't ready but now
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we can tune into the wisdom of the body because it caught it before you even had an emotion, your body had a response. Before you even had a word for it. That's how fast it moves. That's how smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our body is
Gwenevere Abriel: So this time, we may only get that far just pay attention to the sap to the zing. Right.
Nicole Bacon: I'm already feeling in my stomach talking about it.
Nicole Bacon: Already yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And this time, it can take. I'm not going to follow up with more haranguing it's just going to sit there and you're going to find your truth and you're going to see where that spaces and that lived truth of what you can do in that moment, that wasn't there before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever direction. It takes I'm here and I can guide. Okay. Okay. All right. So, and action.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that on your face. Good grief. How can you even come out in public with that.
What is that
Nicole Bacon: Oh, Grandma, I don't know. It's pimple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so tell me how you feeling in your body.
Nicole Bacon: Nervous. Okay, a little scared like a little scared. Kind of like whoa so intense.
Nicole Bacon: And I didn't, it wasn't a big deal before and now it's like a huge deal. And I'm focusing on it and it's like
Nicole Bacon: obsess about it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you you answered very quickly. Do you know that
Gwenevere Abriel: There was like no delay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this time we're going to do it, but give yourself permission. Watch this. Watch how socially awkward. This is. But you get to do it in here. This is therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in here, you get to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to take a big breath in to the belly, you get to do a box breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: To send the message down right through that Vegas nerve, you get to go, oh, I know my head is say, Oh my gosh, this is catastrophic I need this woman to think of beautiful, wonderful smart because like like no duh, but my body's telling me we're okay that's in total contradiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I'll take a second breath. It's I feel smarter when my muscles aren't tense. I'm going to be able to answer this woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little differently now it's socially awkward and of course right but just for now just see if you can do it. Give yourself a
Moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathe right into that stomach to fit out, give it that breath right and you're going to be telling those Oregon's down there. We're okay. I got you.
Okay, here we go.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Grief. What is that on your face. Go Tara take care of that. I don't want to look at that.
Sinead
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, that was really jolting grandma.
Nicole Bacon: Like in my care carefree just being zone and
Nicole Bacon: rudely got displaced out of that to
Nicole Bacon: Caring what you think. And then in that what other people think when that wasn't my natural state.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can find right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you believe about yourself. Right now I am
Gwenevere Abriel: The presence of grandmas jolting statement. What do you end up believing about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that negative belief, they got lodged in there.
Nicole Bacon: The negative belief is I'm ugly or not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check with the gut CFS. The one that really stung.
We can go directions with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I what I did notice was
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of a familiar style.
Of languishing what was going on for you right
Gwenevere Abriel: Since this is so artificial and didn't. It's not real. But notice how it's still
Nicole Bacon: Even though it's coming from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would would never say that to anybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: But even even impression of it can still still hurt so
Gwenevere Abriel: Try this on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can. Oh, contrived whenever is asking me to say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if it doesn't fit, then that's fine, right, because it's forced, but then you can discard it. And you can do wrong but just try it on as this little costume and and take it right back off.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to say to you, you're going to breathe, you're gonna find your truth and then see if you know the actual emotion that you feel associated with that stomach with those thoughts. See if you know the emotion and
Gwenevere Abriel: The contrived part just say, Grandma, I feel
Nicole Bacon: You
Gwenevere Abriel: And you sound like you're going to have some other sounds around you and that's okay too. Because that's like
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Okay ready yeah
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Morning, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: What is on your face good grace.
Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing Yeah, nice and deep that big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until you feel ready
Nicole Bacon: I feel sad about it. I'm sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandma. When you see if you can find that one I did something
Nicole Bacon: I've been hypercritical me or judging me judging.
Gwenevere Abriel: put that all together. I feel sad I
Nicole Bacon: feel sad when you judge me.
Nicole Bacon: That
Nicole Bacon: It hurts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check. Check with your gut. See how it's done.
Nicole Bacon: I can see how this is like rewiring definitely that's
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel sad when you're judging me
Gwenevere Abriel: I was just a fresh new me this morning, bouncing around doing a deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you jolted me right there was this
Gwenevere Abriel: I had acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: So remember I was playing around with some different kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Questions before
Nicole Bacon: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Do them, but we can. So again, try on artificial and grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like
Nicole Bacon: We
Gwenevere Abriel: I know ridiculous off bounds. No way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm buying my distress. Right. Why am I lists gusting but that's not your experience that's mine. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe don't take it on at all.
Nicole Bacon: And see that question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is within reach. Let's see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be something like
Gwenevere Abriel: What just happened to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a strong opinion, you're just trying to get to the milk and whatever. And no, you weren't able to
Use like they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Using right, she's the one that's got this big hoopla going on.
Uh huh.
So care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Care about her for a second. Be curious don't live in the hurt on this time. Not this time. This time, just be curious. She's not
Gwenevere Abriel: It's her stick
Gwenevere Abriel: So go check it out.
Nicole Bacon: See me
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not a danger to you. I'm not going to take any resources from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not. I'm just going through something
Gwenevere Abriel: My experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay ready. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget to break
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, alright. So, shuffle, shuffle, shuffle. Oh, hi, sweetie. Good morning.
Nicole Bacon: Hey, good man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, look at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at that. Are you going to take care of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you see that this morning. Did you see
Nicole Bacon: What this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it's a pretty big pimple there huh
Nicole Bacon: Is it look bad isn't really read like
Nicole Bacon: You freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you got,
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to why you freaking out right
Gwenevere Abriel: You're now observing her behavior. You can
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, are you really there or you lost in your own fear and distress.
Nicole Bacon: Partially there yet. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Partially there and they giggling helps
Uh huh.
Nicole Bacon: When I feel awkward. I get go. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that tension.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what's neat about the stuff that I'm asking you to do this weird awkward thing of breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it completely breaks the social norms of how quickly we respond to people when we're talking because we're supposed to be really sharp and smart and funny and our, we have our retards right
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that's fun. And that's what we do but
Gwenevere Abriel: Now when someone attacks like that when they come
Gwenevere Abriel: With their story for their reasons.
Gwenevere Abriel: You now have a skill in this timing of the breath and being quiet you being able to tolerate the awkward in a social situation when I can't is so powerful because I'm going to be over here really squirming
Gwenevere Abriel: And be filling it in. I'm going to be like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because why everything was going on, what's happening right i'm going to be all flustered, and you are going to keep your cool
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be busy taking care of yourself, making sure you know because it's a learning new skill of being able to differentiate someone else's opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: From my own opinion of myself, How do I care about this person's opinion. How do I hold on to myself and still love this woman, it's, it's hard. It takes time to do that when you're not rehearse doubt it.
Yeah, tricky.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how I mentioned time when you say I'm going to give myself time to always take care of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that breath I get seconds and the mind works so fast, it could really end up being just a fraction of a second, but you just give a little bit of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: To think of something to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might end up being
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm shocked.
Gwenevere Abriel: I care about what you think grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: My go hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: You really don't like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come from. I mean, you do know. Like, I'm like, right on time with my adolescence. I'm getting my boobs. I got a new stinky on on
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing you've noticed
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is choice. There's right that's just a different perspective.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at all the distance. She's not threatening anymore. She's a little bit like, well, you didn't pick up on this earlier. Like, what's wrong with you, like, I'm an adolescent I'm right.
Gwenevere Abriel: On time over here. Oh, great. What you do when you got one. Did you see me, you do the camera meal deal would you do. Yeah, I saw that yesterday I was broken. What do you do with it and
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, I'm curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm safe inside. I can
Nicole Bacon: I can afford to be curious when I feel safe inside
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get there by being in a relaxed body. You just serve time and that breath you shoot time if you can tolerate the awkwardness of it. Sometimes it happy. You can regulate very quickly.
Nicole Bacon: But anything happens
Gwenevere Abriel: Socially to when you take that time you taking back the ownership of that conversation. They don't run you by someone saying something to you, you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, what are you doing, and you'll say I'm breathing. Well, somebody to give you a hard time about breathing. I don't think so. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Then they look ridiculous. I've just taken the breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all of that. All of that is available to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you know that before we started talking, there's this whole other world.
Nicole Bacon: There's this whole other world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of you interacting with a perceived threat. There's this whole other world.
Nicole Bacon: was awesome. It's awesome, because like i you know i a little bit with the giving it back in like humor. You know, like when
Nicole Bacon: People would like kind of poke fun you know I got that a lot when because my last thing speaking. And oh, big under them like tell me something I haven't heard you know like giving it back in a in a
Nicole Bacon: humorous way. But as far as like the just breathing and and
Nicole Bacon: Not letting it affect me so much and and that's a powerful thing. I'm excited about that tool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And when you really get it, you're going to be able to do it. So, you know, you can you can be doing it with clients.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you repeat that again. I didn't catch that last bit and you were really didn't hear any of it, but you were breathing, you're giving your doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and especially. This is a handy one i can't i can't wait to show you this one. This is just great. This one you memorize use it all the time. You breathe and they go, What the heck are you doing what's going on without breathing business was it what he says to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, I'm just taking a breath. I can't eat, you know, what you're saying is really important.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to take time and really think about what you're saying. And if you've completely forgotten what they've said, Well, you've memorized that you can say that to anybody. And then you can say
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you repeat it again, or can we talk about it tomorrow and I have more time the phrases, what you're saying is really important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, you know what that does gives me time
Gwenevere Abriel: To collect myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just say it all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm dissociating right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: They will obviously be uncomfortable with quiet and their part is what's going on. I'm really thinking about what you're saying. And it seems really important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to give it. I want to give it more time. I don't have time now I'm doing hair count. Can we talk in 15 minutes. You remember those fancy little phrases after you breathe the breath. It's there for you. It's going to help you use all of your brain.
Nicole Bacon: Yay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We like it when it works.
Nicole Bacon: When I need to grab my charger real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you don't even need to
Gwenevere Abriel: We're right at the end. Let's just confirm our next session.
Nicole Bacon: If you
Nicole Bacon: Oh my gosh, that's such a huge thing because the enzyme it ever since I was little, holding my breath holding my breath and that I haven't heard of that tool, you know. So I appreciate that. I'm going to play with that today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is do and make sure the air goes all the way to the bottom of the lawn, though it's going all the way to the bottom. Okay, I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll stick with what we're doing.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So next appointment is February as far as individual February 25
And then February 27
Nicole Bacon: At 12. Oh, well, what about next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is next week.
Nicole Bacon: Oh what 20
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me take that back.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, February 18
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks like someone was already there at 12 so let's do
Nicole Bacon: 110 110 okay and then back to
Gwenevere Abriel: On February 20
Nicole Bacon: And let's
Gwenevere Abriel: See how you're doing. I want to check in a little bit. Do some grounding. I'm sorry resourcing
Gwenevere Abriel: resourcing pieces and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see how you're doing at that point. Okay. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me to message. The doctor around medication.
Nicole Bacon: Or no good. So
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're good, fantastic. Be proud of yourself, you showed up, even though you didn't need medication.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes, yes. Yay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, enjoy your day I'll check
Nicole Bacon: Okay, thank you.
Nicole Bacon: Thank